1. Please describe your experience on an e-commerce platform and the technologies associated with testing an e-commerce platform.
My entire experience is all on e-commerce platform, In e-commerce environment we mostly follow agile methodology with prime focus being customer. 
All feature related decisions are made with keeping customer experience as priority. So the testing is also done keeping user on mind, 
User experience becomes very important which includes smooth ui, for mobile app - Performance on different network speed, with minimum app size 
and on web the less downtime of the site and also smooth ui. All the business related features should be made available both on web and app. 
We should give highest priority for the security of the customers.

2. What are the key components required for building automation framework for e-
commerce platform.
Key components in the design automation framework is segregating Ui cases and api cases since in e-commerce the ui changes frequently so the approach 
should follow keeping locators in separate files i.e page object model becomes very popular approach and also following keyword driven framework will 
make a good framework. Api performance also plays a key role.

3. Please describe your experience with and understanding of cloud based services and
solutions.

4. What benefits does cloud platform provide and how it will benefit a business critical
application which requires a zero downtime and faster response time?

5. Describe your experience with CI / CD and source control tools?
Have worked with in house tool called Autobot. Well autobot is Practo in house tool written on completely php, With autobot we can schedule time based 
automation which uses scheduler to schedule  the job, Using autobot we can run on multiple devices. Autobot also emails the logs and the test report 
with relevant screen shots.

6. What is agile methodologies? Share your views and experience on it and how it can benefit
in an automated QA cycle.
Agile method is approach where development and testing goes hand in hand. All my projects and my experience was on agile method, My views would be that 
agile method is extremely effective as it follows lesser time cycle which is the key for any e-commerce business. The product can be shipped quickly and 
since it goes through an iterative cycle, the quality of the overall product becomes better.

7. How do you keep up-to-date with the latest QA trends and new technologies?
To keep up with latest technologies, i not keep myself updated with qa trends but i also keep myself updated on upcoming technologies by attending various 
meet ups and conferences. Some of my meet ups are Droidcon, swift meet up, attended conference on Kotlin, apart from technologies i also attend conferences 
on how e-commerces business works. My recent conference related to business was “How to setup a hospital from scratch by Dr. Alex Kuruvilla, I have also taken 
interest in understanding how online travel business works.

8. How do you participate in a team and what are the processes and methodologies you use in
your job to successfully deliver a project?
For a successfully deliver a project the key success would be delivering quality product timely, We need to understand each requirement clearly keeping user in mind, 
then contribute in understanding and suggesting how the system is built, this will help in breaking down the requirement into test scenarios and documenting them and 
also sharing the scenarios with all the stakeholders. once this is done, we should further breakdown the scenarios to test cases and following proper documentation and 
during testing phase each bug of any for i.e bug could be a requirement bug or design bug all these should be logged and should be communicated to respective stakeholders. 
During the sprint cycle we should allocate time frame to accomadate automation. 

9. What is the process/tools needed to improve software quality? How would you setup a
culture that values software quality?
Tools would be: Bug tracking tool - e.g. : jira,
Test case documentation : Eg: Testrail,
Appropriate automation framework : e.g.: Robot,
For mobile app - Understanding of dev tool for self building the apk - Eg; Android studio,
Setting up staging - Understanging starting up the services and understanding how to read logs. 

10. You are in a design review, and see a major flaw in the design. Has this ever happened? How
do you bring it up? What happens if the presenter refuses to listen to your points? How do
you make sure that the right system is built?
Yes i have encountered similar during requirement handover and during design handover, i would first listen to the presenter on why he chose this design and then would put 
out my inputs on the design and flaw i see, we would then discuss with key data and also take an opinion of other stakeholders as well.

11. The production system is running on top of MongoDB and it is having issues that seem to be
within the DB itself. How do you advise the team? How do you manage those issues and
the impact to the new development work? How do you communicate this to non-technical
people?
Once i figure out the issue, i would first report the issue to the dev team o priority, since the issue is on prod, Meanwhile i would write an rca on the issue, so that the 
document will help the non tech and also other stake holders aware of the issue.

12. What attracts you to this opportunity and what makes you the ideal candidate?
Well the reasons are many, first and foremost is the opportunity and responsibility i see in the role, After having spoken to the panel and hr, i see that the role is what i am 
looking out. The reasons that makes me an ideal candidate is that i am a quick learner, Though having worked on Python and robot, i gave my full effort in learning java and implementing 
the same. Also i feel i am ideal candidate as i have worked on e-commerce and customer facing companies throughout my experience.
